Update changelog_de.md (#185)
plentymarkets/feedback-plugin: meta/documents/changelog_en.md

# Release Notes for Feedback

## v4.0.9 (2023-06-19) <a href="https://github.com/plentymarkets/feedback-plugin/compare/4.0.8...4.0.9" target="_blank" rel="noopener"><b>Overview of all changes</b></a>

### Changed

> - Average rating view on category level now possible. We would like to thank user @MaxBentz for their contribution.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- It's now possible to display the average rating on category level. We would like to thank user @MaxBentz for their contribution.
```

> - Display of attributes on the order confirmation page. We would like to thank user @MaxBentz for their contribution.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- It's now possible to display attributes on the order confirmation page. We would like to thank user @MaxBentz for their contribution.
```
